# My Ideas

A page to house some of my ideas, its either here or In some other (my)repo linked in the main README.md file. Expect brain farts, stupid ideas, overly complicated and convoluted ideas in addition to sane ones.

- 1. Put CI/CD into my copy of what ever they are doing, making sure to either use my own secrets or embed the secrets into the Environment Variables or a `.env` file.
- 2. Ask for testing keys, that only allow access to a testing databases / interfaces. Treat this key as a prod one though. 
- 3. Keep Video assets uploaded to youtube, including revisions, we can unlist them (Atleast 8K video, rendered at 8K and downscaled by Handbrake using the `handbrake/pre_master_production_standard.json` preset). Final Video will be 4K, this gives leeway to the editor to correct shots, zoom and cut without loosing quality, we can loose upto 3/4th of the frame and still have 100% quality.
- 4. Create a Backend, that serves data to the frontend apps and site, allow some access to the backend, (like creating a UUID linked to it) with prior registration. Maybe allow webhooks using a third party (prefered) / in house solution. 
- 5. Custom Merch for people organizing and attendies ? (incase its offline) Sizes from S to XXL :) to incorporate almost everyone. Take measurements from reputed stores, cuz they do market research. 
- 6. Give the bot its own language (thinking  like-morse but with 3 beeps per alphabet, maybe experiment with AudioSegment)


## Backend Specific
- 1. Use faunaDB, giving db/devices/device_id (uuid generated by capacitor js) a check, if a collision is detected on first init, ask if this is your first time registering, if no then use id given, else use , this might happen on PC, mobiles will be able to reuse the id. We will try to keep collisions to a minimum. 
- 2. create accounts at db/accounts/account_id, accounts will be given a SHA-256 hash of the username and email as their unique id, making sure that the username and email pair is unique, strip out any additional info (probably create a function for it. should realize that +extensions in gmail allows virtually infinite emails.), store the original email for contact info, we dont want to impede on users privacy. 
- 3. the device_id and account_id should keep track of each other, we can use one to authenticate the other. UUIDs should be verified on the server side not client side, which means you send the id to the server and wait for the response. for logouts, you can clear the account_id from the device_id and close the application or re init it. It will send no account id, which means a account was removed, then that procedure for it.
- 4. Input verification (email format, mobile_number format etc.) will be done on client side, publically viewable fields will be sanitized on the server during data updates.
- 5. Primary Communication Method will be Email, a unique token / QR code / identifier string (a phrase maybe) will be generated to be used across multiple events etc. (viable on physical mode)

